Create nader-podcast.mdx (#145)
freelawproject/free.law: posts/2023/11/27/nader-podcast.mdx

---
title: Our Executive Director talks with Ralph Nader
date: "2023-11-27"

> updated: "2023-11-27"

Reviewer: We don't need the updated date, so let's remove that, and I think we'll be good!

tags:
 - "Podcasts"
 - "Michael Lissner"
 - "PACER"
 - "Ralph Nader"
 - "Neutral Citations"
author: "Jenifer Whiston"
excerpt: "Our executive director, Michael Lissner, talks with Ralph Nader about why the American legal system is so hard to use and the ongoing fight to make it more accessible."

---

<p class="lead">Ralph Nader sat down with our Executive Director Michael Lisser and asked him about how free access to court opinions and other legal 
documents can make the American legal system more transparent and easier for people to navigate.</p>

> In the 2-part episode **Corporate Bullsh*t/ Legal Bullsh*t** published by the Ralph Nader Radio Hour on November 11, 2023, Ralph welcomes back 
> public interest advocate Donald Cohen to discuss the long history of corporate propaganda covering for corporate greed, and his new book Corporate Bullsh*t: 
> Exposing the Lies and Half-Truths That Protect Profit, Power, and Wealth in America. Then Ralph is joined by founder of the Free Law Project, 
> Michael Lissner, to talk about why the American legal system is so hard to use and the ongoing fight to make it more accessible.

Reviewer: Simplify here a bit:

```suggestion
In the two-part episode **Corporate Bullsh*t/ Legal Bullsh*t** published by the Ralph Nader Radio Hour on November 11, 2023, Ralph welcomes back public interest advocate Donald Cohen to discuss the long history of corporate propaganda.

Then Ralph is joined by founder of the Free Law Project, Michael Lissner, to talk about why the American legal system is so hard to use and the ongoing fight to make it more accessible.
```

---
title: Our Executive Director talks with Ralph Nader
date: "2023-11-27"
updated: "2023-11-27"
private: True

> status: Draft

Reviewer: You'll need to remove these two lines.

tags:
 - "Podcasts"
 - "Michael Lissner"

>  - "PACER"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "PACER"
 - "Ralph Nader"
 - "Neutral Citations"
```

author: "Jenifer Whiston"

> excerpt: "Mike Lissner talks with Ralph Nader about why the American legal system is so hard to use and the ongoing fight to make it more accessible."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: "Our executive director, Michael Lissner, talks with Ralph Nader about why the American legal system is so hard to use and the ongoing fight to make it more accessible."
```

---

<p class="lead">Ralph Nader sat down with our Executive Director Michael Lisser and asked him about how free access to court opinions and other legal 
documents can make the American legal system more transparent and easier for people to navigate.</p>

In the 2-part episode **Corporate Bullsh*t/ Legal Bullsh*t** published by the Ralph Nader Radio Hour on November 11, 2023, Ralph welcomes back 
public interest advocate Donald Cohen to discuss the long history of corporate propaganda covering for corporate greed, and his new book Corporate Bullsh*t: 
Exposing the Lies and Half-Truths That Protect Profit, Power, and Wealth in America. Then Ralph is joined by founder of the Free Law Project, 
Michael Lissner, to talk about why the American legal system is so hard to use and the ongoing fight to make it more accessible.

> [Listen to the full interview here][https://www.ralphnaderradiohour.com/p/corporate-bullsht-legal-bullsht?utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web]
> The interview with Free Law Project's Mike Lisser begins at 26:12.
> 
> 
> <p className="text-center">
>   <PurpleButton href="https://www.ralphnaderradiohour.com/p/corporate-bullsht-legal-bullsht?utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web" size="lg">Listen to the full podcast here.</PurpleButton>
> </p>

Reviewer: I think you can simplify this, so:

```suggestion
<p className="text-center">
  <PurpleButton href="https://www.ralphnaderradiohour.com/p/corporate-bullsht-legal-bullsht" size="lg">Listen to the Full Podcast</PurpleButton>
</p>

The interview with Free Law Project's Mike Lissner begins at 26:12.
```
